Marksman: 
This individual is a expertly trained marksman.  They are skilled in delivering long range hits, with deadly accuracy and speed.  Combined with Expert Weaponist, weapons may even home in on targets.

Heavy Weapons Expert: Claymores, nodachi, spears.  These individuals are strong enough, and capable enough to wield the heaviest of weapons, able to swing them with simple ease.

 


Exotic Weapons Expert: 
This individual is skilled in the usage of exotic weaponry.  This applies to all weaponry not found within Japanese culture, or mythos.

 
B

Polearm Fighter: 
With an agile leap, and a quick step; this individual is trained in the usage of polearms.  They specialize in delivering long reaching blows to their enemies, through spears, halberds, and bo-staffs.

Gord Combatant: Gourds are often found when you place in mind a manipulator of elements.  These objects however are heavy, and strain even the strongest shinobi when worn.  This individual has trained, and is capable of holding a gourd on their back even in combat, it seems weightless, and no longer burdens them.

 

Wakizashi Mastery: 
Wakizashi are commonplace in a shinobi world, however, it takes a large degree of training to master them.  This individual is highly trained in using them, and is capable of performing the most advanced fighting styles; such as reverse grip.

Akimbo: 
Wielding two weapons at once is a skill that takes a surprising amount of training.  Without it, you will come just short of wounding yourself.  This individual is able to dual wield weapons easily.

Heavy Armor Proficency: 
Heavy Armor is just that, heavy.  This individual is no longer burdened by heavy armor, and can move and perform freely while wearing it.
Note: This does not affect Stamina.

 


Precise Needles: This individual is highly skilled in using needles in combat.  They can immobilize joints, and have precise accuracy.

Oriental Weapons Expert: 
This individual is capable of utilizing oriental weaponry to their fullest degree.  They are highly trained in natively forged non-traditional weapons, such as Kama, Kusarigama, ..etc.